>Learn about ERP Cloud Integrations
  Oracle ERP Cloud Integrations (Doc ID 1990910.1)  -> Oracle_ERP_Cloud_Service_Integration.pdf
   + Executive Summary
     With Oracle ERP Cloud Service you can maximize your IT investments in third party or legacy
     applications with ease to form  a complete solution for your essential business processes.
     Integration with Oracle ERP Cloud Service is made up of two categories, inbound and outbound.

     Inbound integrations can be achieved with cloud connectors. Cloud connectors provide the capability
     to receive and process information from legacy applications. Cloud connectors may be used in combination
     with one another and are classified as follows:
      - Web Services, File Based Data Load, Point connectors

     Outbound integrations are built  using the Business Inteligence capabilities embedded in Oracle ERP Cloud Service.
   + Pre-packaged Integrations
     Coexistence provides an opportunity for organizations to choose the best from existing and available systems and
     incrementally adopt new solutions without the expense of a complete overhaul. These solutions enable integrations
     (Cloud to Cloud) or (Cloud to On-premise)
   + Inbound Integrations
     Cloud Connectors
      Oracle ERP Cloud Service provides a robust framework for inbound integrations
      which includes infraestructure that enables spreadsheet based data load and an
      extensive list of web services that can be leveraged for integrating with legacy
      third party or point solutions.
     File Based Data Load
      Oracle ERP Cloud Service provides the capability to load bulk transactions via a spreadsheet based import process.
      Oracle Enterprise Repository (OER) includes the spreadsheets templates and information to help you prepare external
      data for upload and import. Each template includes specific instructions, guidelines, formatted spreadsheets, and
      best practices for preparing the data file for Upload. Use the templates to ensure that your data conforms to the
      structure and format of Oracle ERP Cloud Service interfaces.
      Oracle provides the spreadsheet templates for you to leverage for recording transaction details.
      These templates are structured for ease of entry and include detailed instructions for creating the data files.
      Once the data files are created they are placed in Oracle Universal Content Management Server (UCM)
      prior to initiating the Load Interface File process to load data and process transactions.

              ORACLE
        Enterprise Repository     Data Sources (LEGACY)
                 |                      |
                 V                      V                 Upload to Oracle                          Load File to    Load to Application
         Download Spreadsheet  =>  Populate Data       =>  Content Server   => Oracle Cloud (UCM ->   Interface  ->     tables
             templates            Generate CSV files        Oracle (UCM)

     Web Services
      In addition to the File Based Data Load, Oracle ERP Cloud Service provides several web services (ADF services)
      that can be invoked by third party applications from different platforms and, using  other
      integration technologies like Oracle Data Integrator (ODI), a ADF Mobile Application, etc...

      The Oracle Enterprise Repository (OER) provides the details of the available web services. You can access OER
      with ‘Login as Guest’. Search for the available web services by entering the search string of ‘External’ and set the
      Type as ‘ADF Service’ in the ‘Assets’ search panel on the left.
   + Outbound Integrations
      ...

>Understanding External Data Integration
 https://docs.oracle.com/cloud/latest/financialscs_gs/FACSF/FACSF1224258.htm#FACSF1224258
  1.Spreadsheet Templates
  2.File-based load process
  3.Application-specific data import process.

>Using External Data Integration Services for Oracle ERP Cloud (Doc ID 2102800.1)
  +Overview
   Oracle ERP integration scenarios generally involve system-to-system integration
   flows between distinct on-premise systems, third-party or legacy systems, and
   Cloud systems.
   - Inbound Data Management  -> Oracle ERP Cloud Bulk Data Import Services
      -> External data integration services for accommodating inbound data in Oracle ERP Cloud
      include the following components:
        1.Spreadsheet Templates
        2.File-based load process
        3.Application-specific data import process.

      To automatically import data into Oracle ERP Cloud:
       1. Create the data file using the applicable inbound business object template.
       2. Invoke the Oracle ERP Integration Service to initiate import.
       3. Provide notification through asynchronous callback upon completion.
       4. Deliver the import status and information using callback to access logs or errors.
       5. Review any errors, if applicable, and take appropriate action for error resolution.
       ::::::::::
       Note: After completion, Oracle ERP Cloud extracts data from the interface and error tables, includes the ESS job
         lob files, and upload the files to the UCM (Universal Content Management) server in a ZIP format. Once uploaded
         successfuly to the respective UCM account, data from the interface and error tables will be purged.
   - Outbound Data Management -> Oracle ERP Cloud Bulk Data Export Services
      -> Exporting data from Oracle ERP Cloud typically consists of the following steps:
        1. Create a BI Publisher report(s) using the respective Enterprise Scheduler (ESS) job for BI Publisher Dashboard.
        2. Invoke the Oracle ERP Integration Service to initeate the respective export job.
        3. Provide notification through asynchronous callback upon completion.
        4. Deliver the status and information using callback to access extracted Data file(s) from the Oracle ERP Cloud.
        5. Review any errors if applicable and take appropiate action, such as process the data extracted for further
        downstream business operation needs.
  +Automated End-to-End Inbound (Bulk Import) Orchestrated Flow
    To illustrate -> Journals Import flow as an example
    -Prerequisites:
     -> see Apendix5: Testing Web Service using a Client Proxy.
      .Import a certificate into your local keystore.
      .Configure the sample web service tester.
      .Identify user name and password to call the import.
      .Verify that user has access to the AttachmentsRead role in UCM server.
        -> see Appendix1. Security Prerequisites to Download the Job Output File.
      .Verify the end point URL for the web service.
    -Flow Steps:
      1.Generate the data file for the object you want to import.
      2.Prepare the request payload for the ImportBulkData operation of the
        Oracle ERP Integration Service. This web service operation performs:
         a.Uploads the data file to the UCM server.
         b.Loads data from the file on the UCM server to the respective product interface table(s).
         c.Imports data from the product interface table(s) to the respective Oracle ERP product main table(s).
         d.Extracts errors and logs into a ZIP file and uploads them to respectively UCM account.
         e.Purges the interface and errors tables related to the respective import job.
         f.Notifies users upon completion of all ESS jobs using bell, e-mail or callback URL as defined in the payload.

      Generating the Inbound Data File
       Each template includes table-specific instructions, guideline, formatted
       spreadsheets and best practices for preparing the data file or upload.
        -> When preparing external data using the templates:
           - Download the applicable import template
           - Prepare data using the correct spreadsheet import template
      Downloading a Template
       1.Open the File-Based Data Import guide for your cloud service. Locate the import process of interest.
       2.View the list of files:
         . Control files describe the logical flow of the data load process
         . Spreadsheet templates include the worksheets and macros for structuring, formatting and generating your data file.
        ::::::::
        Note: You can use XML templates to import data into Oracle Data Integrator.
        For more information, see Appendix 8: Using XML Templates to Generate Data Files.
       3.Click the applicable template URL in the File links table to download the file.
      Preparing Data Using the Spreadsheet Template
       To prepare your data in a spreadsheet format:
       1.Open the spreadsheet template. (The first worksheet in each file provides instructions)
       2.Enter the required data and then save the file.
       3.Click the Generate CSV file button.
         -> The macro generates a comma-separated values (CSV) file and also compresses the file into a ZIP file.
         You must transfer the ZIP file to the Oracle Content Management Server (UCM)
         - Overview of Template Structure
           .Each interface table is represented by a separate worksheet.
           .Each interface table field is represented by a worksheet column with a header in the first row.
           .Each column header contains bubble help text or help comments that include details about the column.
           .Columns are formatted, where applicable, to match the target field data type.
           .The worksheet columns are in the order that the control file process the data file.
         - Template Requirements
          To minimize the risks of an unsuccessful data load, ensure the following:
           .Unused columns can be hidden, but they cannot be reordered or deleted.
           .
           .
           .
  +Automated End-to-End Outbound (Bulk Export) Orchestrated Flow
      To illustrate -> Extract Receivables Transactions flow as an example
      Prerequisites:
       -> see Apendix5: Testing Web Service using a Client Proxy.
       .Import a certificate into your local keystore.
       .Configure the sample web service tester.
       .Identify user name and password to call the import.
       .Verify that user has access to the AttachmentsRead role in UCM server.
         -> see Appendix1. Security Prerequisites to Download the Job Output File.
       .Verify the end point URL for the web service.
      Flow Steps:
        1.
        2.
        3.
  +Flow Automation using the Oracle ERP Integration Web Service
    -Constructing the Oracle ERP Integration Service End Point URL
    -Critical Web Service Operations to Automate Integration Flows
    -Operation: importBulkData
    -Sample Response from the importBulkData Operation
    -Operation: exportBulkData
    -Operation: getDocumentForDocumentId
    -Security Policy of the Oracle ERP Integration Service
    -Callback Web Service
    -Callback Response in JSON Format
  +Correcting Load Process Errors
    -Correcting Interface Data Errors

> Review SOAP Web Services
